{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx1040\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 (
\i You can skip this section if you don\'92t plan on syncing projects with Scrivener for iOS.
\i0 )\
\
Scrivener is also available for the iPad and iPhone (via the iOS App Store), so that you can work on your projects anywhere. Follow the instructions below to sync your Mac projects with our iOS version. Note that you will need a Dropbox account ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.getdropbox.com"}}{\fldrslt http://www.getdropbox.com}}) to sync. If you don\'92t have or want a Dropbox account, you can copy projects via iTunes (see below).\
\
\pard\tx1040\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 S
\fs27 YNCING
\fs36  W
\fs27 ITH
\fs36  D
\fs27 ROPBOX
\f0\fs26 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1040\li720\fi-720\slleading120\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Any projects you want to share with the iOS version must be placed in your Dropbox folder. When you set up sync in Scrivener for iOS, you are asked to choose a subfolder inside Dropbox, and the iOS version will sync anything inside the folder you choose. The default setting is /Dropbox/Apps/Scrivener, so we\'92ll use that as our example. We\'92ll assume the folder already exists in Dropbox (it will do if you\'92ve set up sync in the iOS version - follow the instructions in the iOS tutorial for details on that if necessary).\
{\listtext	2.	}To sync an existing project, first make sure it is closed on your Mac, then move it into the /Dropbox/Apps/Scrivener folder in the Finder. You can then open it again on your Mac from its new location in Dropbox if you wish.\
{\listtext	3.	}To create a new project that you want available on iOS, go to File > New Project, select a project template, and choose to save it inside the /Dropbox/Apps/Scrivener folder when prompted for a save location.\
{\listtext	4.	}Before opening a project on iOS, ensure that Dropbox on your Mac has fully synced (check that there is no activity indicator in the Dropbox icon in the menu bar).\
{\listtext	5.	}Whenever you have made any changes to projects on your Mac, be sure to tap the sync button in Scrivener for iOS so that all changes get downloaded.\
{\listtext	6.	}Edit your project on your iPhone or iPad and tap the sync button in the iOS version when you\'92re done.\
{\listtext	7.	}When returning to your Mac, once more ensure that Dropbox has finished syncing by checking the icon in the menu bar.\
{\listtext	8.	}You can now carry on working on your project. You are free to leave your Scrivener projects open on the Mac while editing them on iOS. When Scrivener on the Mac detects that changes have been made in the iOS version, it will tell you that it needs to incorporate those changes into the project. It will then do so, closing and reopening the project. (If the project was closed, it will do all of this when you next open the project.)\
{\listtext	9.	}Scrivener on the Mac detects changes whenever it becomes active. If you know you\'92ve made changes on iOS and Scrivener for Mac doesn\'92t tell you about them, simply choose Sync > with Mobile Devices from the File menu. This will force Scrivener to check for any changes.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\li1440\fi-1440\slleading120\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Note that \'93Sync > with Mobile Devices\'94 just looks for changes that have been made to the current project on iOS devices. No changes will be found if the project has not been edited on iOS, or if it is not stored in the Dropbox folder.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\slleading120\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1040\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Dealing with Conflicts
\i0 \
When syncing across devices, it\'92s important to remember that each device stores its own copy of the project (if it didn\'92t, you wouldn\'92t be able to access projects without an internet connection). When you sync, Scrivener updates the copy on your Mac and the copy on your iOS device so that they are both the same. If you make edits to the same document on more than one device without syncing, however, conflicts may arise because the two copies will be different.\
For instance, suppose you edit a scene on your iPad, then return to your Mac without syncing and start editing the same scene - in this case, there will now be two different versions of it, one on your iPad, and one on your Mac. When this occurs, on the next sync, Scrivener will tell you that conflicts have been found. Scrivener will always do its best to resolve all conflicts without requiring you to do anything, but in a case like this, it will create a \'93Conflicts\'94 folder at the bottom of the binder and place one of the versions of the document inside it as a separate document.\
If this happens, be sure to compare the two versions of the document and decide which one you want to keep. You can open Scrivener\'92s split screen feature to look at them side-by-side and copy between them, and then delete the one you do not need. This won\'92t normally be a problem, however - it will only happen if you make changes to the same project on two devices without syncing before moving between devices.\
\
\pard\tx1040\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf0 \ul C
\fs27 OPYING
\fs36  B
\fs27 ETWEEN
\fs36  D
\fs27 EVICES
\fs36  U
\fs27 SING
\fs36  
\fs27 I
\fs36 T
\fs27 UNES
\f0\fs26 \ulnone \
If you have the iOS version but don\'92t want to use Dropbox, you can copy projects to and from your iPhone or iPad using iTunes as follows:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1040\li720\fi-720\slleading120\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}With your device plugged in, open iTunes.\
{\listtext	2.	}Select your device.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select \'93Apps\'94 in the sidebar.\
{\listtext	4.	}Scroll down to \'93File Sharing\'94.\
{\listtext	5.	}Select Scrivener in the \'93Apps\'94 list.\
{\listtext	6.	}Drag Scrivener projects from the Finder into the \'93Documents\'94 list in iTunes to copy projects to your device (or click on the \'93Add\'85\'94 button).\
{\listtext	7.	}Select a project in the \'93Documents\'94 list and click on \'93Save to\'85\'94 to copy a project from your device to your Mac\'92s hard drive.\
\pard\tx1040\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Okay, on to Step 24, the \'93And Finally\'85\'94 bit.}